We're going to launch the terminal and go into the directory where we loaded our CSB file We're going
to just check that the file list to launch the download and that will open our explorer and we're going
to see this GSB file once more once.
We're going to create a new why don't we know
great.
We're ready to start working.
We're going to start by loading the necessary libraries that span does not by uncourteous and we will
also set a random seed because we don't want anything random affecting our salt.
So let's start
and we execute our first line of code it's great.
Arifin OK.
This is just a warning some don't pay attention to it.
Next thing we're going to load this VSB file.
We've previously downloaded that in the same directory so we can just use that fundus library to read
that.
We're going to be using that CSB function from pondus
just put the file name and that's ready that's convenient by exploring our data.
We just leave smart phones to remember what we are doing.
We can do that.
Yes just like this.
Let's start by looking the first votes are forward that that's set
right.
So we have a time that we can see that it is increasing and we cover a lot of columns.
We have a total of 28 columns with just numbers that we don't know what they are.
This is because our data set has been anonymize.
We are not allowed to have real credit card transactions so we can't see that credit card bean or what
their credit card was issued.
No they use her IP but that's supposed to be the information that Sindhis columns.
We also see the amount of the transaction on that last label that know if the transaction is non fraudulently
on one if it is.
Great to see you in the next bt you.